c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp3.Form1.resources
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp3.exe.config
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp3.exe
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp3.pdb
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp3.exe
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp3.pdb
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Log.dll
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Windows.Common.dll
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Windows.Input.dll
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Windows.Messages.dll
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Windows.User32.dll
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Log.xml
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Windows.Common.pdb
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Windows.Common.xml
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Windows.Input.pdb
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Windows.Input.xml
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Windows.Messages.pdb
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Windows.Messages.xml
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Windows.User32.pdb
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Windows.User32.xml
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\jujha\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp3\WindowsFormsApp3\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
